This is what I need added to the CDA evaluation software.

Regular users do not need to login. I do want to add a login capability. If I 
login (Gabriel's stuff) and am a monitor, I want the ability to store the 
document with some annotation. Other users (without login) will be able to 
search for stored documents. These are the "golden" documents that a human says 
are ready for consumption by others.

 In general, users will want a zip of everything. They will also want some 
 limited search stuff.

At a minimum, I would like you to store the documents locally so that folks can 
get a zip file of them. A monitor will have to complete a form to submit the 
image. You would want to keep a tab delimited file with the form data as part of 
the zip so folks can refer/search.? So, lets assume barebones requirements.

1. Folks who pull things back do not have a search interface from you. They get 
a zip file that contains all documents and the tab delimited spreadsheet.
2. The form that you fill out will have these
2.1 Drop down for the organization
2.2 Drop down for the system name
2.3 Drop down for the document type
2.3 Text area to enter a comment
2.4 You compute the file name (organization + system + type + number [0, 1, 2, 
...]) no spaces allowed

Version 2 of the system
You give them limited search. They get dropdowns 2.1, 2.2, 2.3 to narrow their 
search. No ajax to make things work together. They just select any search 
criteria (or none) and hit search. You give them the list of all documents that 
match. They can download individual documents. Don't bother giving them the 
ability to download the subset they selected. They can go back to barebones and 
get the whole thing.

Version 3 of the system
We enhance the form they use. I don't know if we have discussed XDS before; I 
imagine you have heard folks mumbling about it as part of the Connectathon. The 
enhanced form has some other fields the user will select. When they submit, you 
use that to create XDS metadata and submit the document to an XDS repository. 
You will also have to generate a patient ID and hardcode some other things. 
After you submit to the XDS repository, your job for XDS is done.
I have an XDS repository and I have XDS client software. I need to package the 
XDS client software to make it easier to use. Bill Majurski wrote his stuff 
based on the model that it would be integrated into a larger test engine. That 
infrastructure is hard to remove. Before I drop this on you, I want to 
investigate another toolkit that is intended to help folks who are writing real 
applications. Since you are not debugging an XDS repository, this might be 
better for you.

Version 4 of the system. I don't think we will get here by January.
When you send to the XDS repository, you get to select from a list and pick more 
than one destination. That means you will have to
a. Send an HL7 V2 message that registers the patient with a registry
b. Send that same V2 message to a PIX Manager and a PDQ supplier
c. Send another V2 message that registers that patient to the PIX manager with a 
different ID.
d. Submit the document to the Repository
Version 4 will require a lot more documentation from me.

I would be happy if you could look at my handwaving for the barebones system and 
tell me when that could be implemented (assuming RFD is just deferred). I would 
be happy to go with that if you can have it in time for the Connectathon. I 
would be especially thrilled if you told me you had a version that was ready for 
me to review by December 14, but I don't know if that is possible. Take a look 
at it and let me know if that is feasible. I need to do some planning, and would 
like to know this week if you think you can hit:
- Dec 14
- First week in Jan
- Jan 15 (or the next Monday if that is a weekend)
- Nope, not possible by Jan 27

I'm sorry.

"The documents": Just the ones that they submitted. Hmm, does the current page 
have a way to get a zip of all of the gold standard documents? If not, I would 
like to add that feature.

"The image": I still think I live in Radiology. I meant the CDA document that 
was uploaded. We are not storing any test results.

End game: Monitors review CDA documents and declare "By the power vested in me 
by the state of Illinois, I declare that this CDA document has passed my 
scrutiny. I hereby place it in this special library that is reserved only for 
such CDA documents."

Our participants can then pull the documents from this small library and know 
that someone has performed some level of scrutiny/curation/whatever term you 
think is appropriate.

That is the reason that only monitors with a login can submit a document.

steve


Ralph, this is the list. You care only about the first two columns to list 
organization and system. You can keep the rest in your back pocket in case you 
get questions.


steve

